= New Gem Generator

* http://newgem.rubyforge.org

== DESCRIPTION:

Quickly bundle any Ruby libraries into a RubyGem and share it with the world, your colleagues, or perhaps just with yourself amongst your projects.

RubyGems are centrally stored, versioned, and support dependencies between other gems, so they are the ultimate way to bundle libraries, executables, associated tests, examples, and more.

Within this gem, you get one thing - <code>newgem</code> - an executable to create your own gems. Your new gems will include designated folders for Ruby code, test files, executables, and even a default website page for you to explain your project, and which instantly uploads to RubyForge website (which looks just like this one by default)
  
== BASIC USAGE:

Go to the folder where you want to create your new gem folder structure, and run the <code>newgem</code> command to generate your gem scaffolding.

  cd ~/ruby_projects
  $ newgem wizzo
          create  
          create  doc
          create  lib
          create  script
          create  tasks
          create  lib/wizzo
          create  History.txt
          create  Rakefile
          create  README.rdoc
          create  PostInstall.txt
          create  lib/wizzo.rb
      dependency  install_test_unit
          create    test
          create    test/test_helper.rb
          create    test/test_wizzo.rb
      dependency  install_website
          create    website/javascripts
          create    website/stylesheets
          create    config
          exists    script
          exists    tasks
          create    website/index.txt
          create    website/index.html
          create    config/website.yml.sample
          create    script/txt2html
      dependency    plain_theme
          exists      website/javascripts
          exists      website/stylesheets
          create      website/template.html.erb
          create      website/stylesheets/screen.css
          create      website/javascripts/rounded_corners_lite.inc.js
      dependency  install_rubigen_scripts
          exists    script
          create    script/generate
          create    script/destroy
          create  script/console
          create  Manifest.txt
          readme  readme
    Important
    =========

    * Open Rakefile
    * Update missing details (gem description, dependent gems, etc.)

You can generate test::unit or rspec test stubs via the -T, --test-with options (shoulda coming soon)

== SYNOPSIS:

Now modify the constants at the top of *config/hoe.rb*, with your name, email and the location where you'll host your website for the gem. The defaults are tied to RubyForge for uploading the gems and the website.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* hoe
* rubyforge

== INSTALL:

The <code>newgem</code> application is distributed itself as a RubyGem and is available immediately after installation.

  sudo gem install newgem

Alternately, download the gem and install manually.

== TUTORIALS:

* Home page is a full tutorial - http://newgem.rubyforge.org
* Original blog article and tutorial - http://drnicwilliams.com/2006/10/11/generating-new-gems/
* Tutorial: Publishing RubyGems with Hoe - http://nubyonrails.com/articles/2007/06/15/tutorial-publishing-rubygems-with-hoe by Geoffrey Grosenbach
* Using New Gem Generator in Windows - http://codeconversations.blogspot.com/2007/07/using-new-gem-generator-in-windows_8009.html by Jorge Cangas
* Building a Ruby Gem - http://bogojoker.com/blog/2008/05/building-a-ruby-gem/ by Joseph Pecoraro (includes a Problems/Troubleshooting section!!)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2006-2008 Dr Nic Williams

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
